I walk to the park every morning with my dog and enjoy the fresh air daily.
She reads a new book every week and always learns something interesting from it.
We will visit our grandparents next weekend because they live in a nearby town.
He played soccer with his friends yesterday and scored two goals in the game.
They are eating dinner now and talking about their day at school with family.
I have just finished my homework and now I can watch my favorite movie tonight.
You should study for the test tomorrow if you want to get a good grade.
We were watching the sunset at the beach when the rain started to fall suddenly.
She will buy a new dress for the party if she finds one she likes.
He has been working at the store for three months and enjoys helping customers daily.
They danced at the festival last night and had a wonderful time with friends.
I am going to the market tomorrow to buy fresh fruits and vegetables for dinner.
We have seen that movie three times and still laugh at the funny parts.
She was cooking dinner when her brother called her to talk about his trip.
He will travel to Spain next summer to learn more about the culture there.
They are playing board games tonight and inviting all their friends to join them.
I studied French last year but now I want to learn Spanish with friends.
You can visit the museum tomorrow if you finish your work early this afternoon.
We were running in the park when we saw a beautiful rainbow in the sky.
She has painted her room blue and now it looks brighter than before.
He is writing a letter to his pen pal who lives in another country.
They will go hiking in the mountains next month to see the beautiful views.
I have been reading a mystery book and can’t wait to find out the ending.
We watched a funny show last night and laughed until our stomachs hurt.
She will help her mom clean the house if she gets home early today.
He was playing the guitar when his friends arrived for the small party.
They are studying for the math test and helping each other with problems.
I went to the zoo last weekend and saw elephants for the first time.
You should call your friend tonight because he seemed sad at school today.
We have just finished painting the fence and now it looks brand new.
She is running in the park every morning to stay healthy and feel good.
He will buy a new phone next week if he saves enough money soon.
They were dancing at the school party when the music suddenly stopped playing.
I am learning to cook new recipes because I want to surprise my family.
We have been traveling to new places every summer and always learn something new.
She was reading a book in the garden when it started to rain heavily.
He will visit his cousin in the city if he gets a day off.
They are watching a soccer game tonight and cheering for their favorite team.
I studied for the science test last night and hope I did well today.
You can go to the beach tomorrow if the weather is sunny and warm.
We were eating ice cream when we saw a dog chasing its tail nearby.
She has just finished writing a story and wants to share it with friends.
He is playing basketball with his team and hopes to win the game tonight.
They will travel to the countryside next weekend to visit their family farm.
I have been practicing piano for a year and can play a few songs now.
We watched a scary movie last night and stayed up talking about it afterward.
She will bake cookies for the party if she has time this afternoon.
He was drawing a picture when his teacher asked him to help a classmate.
They are cleaning their room now because their parents asked them to help.
I went to the library yesterday and borrowed three books about animals and nature.
You should practice speaking Spanish every day if you want to improve quickly.
We have just finished planting flowers in the garden and it looks beautiful now.
She is writing a poem for her class and wants it to be special.
He will go to the gym tomorrow if he finishes his work early today.
They were playing cards at the table when their friends arrived to join.
I am reading a book about history because I want to learn more facts.
We have been walking in the forest every weekend and love the peaceful feeling.
She was helping her dad fix the car when her friend called her.
He will buy a new jacket for winter if he finds one on sale.
They are painting the house today and hope to finish before it gets dark.
I studied math last night and now I understand the problems much better.
You can visit your aunt tomorrow if you finish your homework early tonight.
We were watching a play at the theater when the lights went out suddenly.
She has just finished sewing a dress and wants to wear it tomorrow.
He is running a race next week and practices every day to prepare.
They will go to the zoo next month to see the new baby animals.
I have been learning to dance for six months and enjoy it so much.
We watched a documentary about space last night and learned many new things.
She will clean her room this afternoon if she doesn’t have too much homework.
He was reading a comic book when his mom asked him to help cook.
They are playing soccer in the park and having fun with their friends.
I went to the park yesterday and saw a squirrel stealing food from picnic.
You should write a letter to your grandma because she loves hearing from you.
We have just finished building a birdhouse and now birds visit every day.
She is studying for her history test and wants to get a good grade.
He will travel to the beach next summer to surf with his best friends.
They were dancing at the party when the music changed to a slow song.
I am going to the store later to buy ingredients for a new recipe.
We have been painting our house for a week and it looks amazing now.
She was walking her dog in the park when she met her old friend.
He will visit the museum next weekend to see the new art exhibit there.
They are watching a movie tonight and eating popcorn with their family.
I studied Spanish last night and learned ten new words for the test.
You can go to the park tomorrow if you finish your chores early today.
We were playing a game outside when it started to rain very hard.
She has just finished writing a song and wants to sing it tomorrow.
He is practicing soccer every afternoon because he wants to join the team.
They will go camping next weekend and plan to tell stories around the fire.
I have been reading a book about dinosaurs and find it very interesting.
We watched a comedy show last night and couldn’t stop laughing at jokes.
She will help her friend move to a new house if she has time.
He was fixing his bike when his dad offered to help him with it.
They are studying English now because they want to travel abroad next year.
I went to the market yesterday and bought fresh apples for a pie.
You should call your parents tonight because they want to hear your voice.
We have just finished decorating the house for the holiday season this year.
She is drawing a picture of her family and wants to frame it later.
He will buy a new computer next month if he saves enough money soon.
They were playing music at the festival when the crowd started to cheer.
I am learning to play chess because it helps me think more clearly.
We have been gardening every weekend and now our flowers are blooming beautifully.
She was writing a story when her teacher asked her to read it aloud.
He will go to the library tomorrow if he finishes his homework early.
They are watching a new show tonight and talking about it with friends.
I studied for the English test last night and feel confident about it.
You can visit the zoo tomorrow if the weather is nice and sunny.
We were eating lunch outside when a bird landed on our table suddenly.
She has just finished baking a cake and wants to share it with neighbors.
He is running every morning to train for the school race next month.
They will travel to the mountains next weekend to hike with their friends.
I have been practicing drawing for a month and my pictures are improving.
We watched a movie about animals last night and learned about their habits.
She will clean the kitchen today if she finishes her schoolwork early enough.
He was playing a video game when his sister asked to join him.
They are reading books in the library and discussing them with their classmates.
I went to the beach yesterday and collected shells with my little brother.
You should practice your guitar every day if you want to play well.
We have just finished painting our room and it looks so much brighter.
She is studying math now because she wants to understand it better soon.
He will go to the park tomorrow if he finishes his chores early.
They were dancing at the school event when the music suddenly changed tempo.
I am going to the zoo next weekend to see the new lion cubs.
We have been learning Spanish for three months and can have simple conversations.
She was helping her mom cook dinner when her friend called to chat.
He will buy a new book tomorrow if he finds one he really likes.
They are playing a board game tonight and laughing with their close friends.
I studied history last night and learned about the ancient pyramids in Egypt.
You can go to the movies tomorrow if you finish your homework tonight.
We were walking in the park when we saw a dog chasing a butterfly.
She has just finished writing a poem and wants to read it aloud.
He is practicing basketball every evening to prepare for the school tournament.
They will visit their cousins next month and plan to play games together.
I have been learning to swim for a year and now I’m much faster.
We watched a funny cartoon last night and laughed at the silly characters.
She will bake a pie for the party if she has enough ingredients today.
He was drawing a picture of a tree when his friend asked for help.
They are cleaning their house now because they’re expecting guests this evening.
I went to the store yesterday and bought a new pair of shoes.
You should call your sister tonight because she misses talking to you.
We have just finished planting a tree and hope it grows tall soon.
She is writing a letter to her friend who moved to another city.
He will go to the beach next weekend if the weather is warm enough.
They were playing soccer in the field when it started to rain heavily.
I am learning to bake cookies because I want to surprise my parents.
We have been traveling to the countryside every summer and love the fresh air.
She was reading a book about animals when her cat jumped on her lap.
He will visit the zoo next month to see the new baby giraffe.
They are watching a new movie tonight and eating snacks with their family.
I studied for the math test last night and think I’ll do well.
You can go to the park tomorrow if you finish your schoolwork early.
We were eating dinner outside when we saw a beautiful sunset in the sky.
She has just finished painting a picture and wants to show it to friends.
He is running in the park every morning to stay healthy and strong.
They will go to the museum next weekend to see the dinosaur exhibit.
I have been practicing soccer for six months and can kick the ball better.
We watched a show about space last night and learned about the planets.
She will help her dad fix the car if she has time this afternoon.
He was playing the piano when his mom asked him to help with dinner.
They are studying for a science test and helping each other with notes.
I went to the library yesterday and borrowed a book about space exploration.
You should practice speaking English every day if you want to improve fast.
We have just finished decorating our room for the holiday party tonight.
She is drawing a picture of her dog and wants to hang it up.
He will buy a new bike next month if he saves enough money soon.
They were dancing at the festival when the music stopped for a moment.
I am learning to play the guitar because I want to join a band.
We have been gardening every weekend and now our vegetables are growing well.
She was writing a story about pirates when her teacher asked to see it.
He will go to the park tomorrow if he finishes his homework early.
They are watching a soccer game tonight and cheering for their favorite player.
I studied Spanish last night and learned how to conjugate verbs correctly.
You can visit the museum tomorrow if the weather is nice and clear.
We were playing a game in the yard when it started to snow lightly.
She has just finished baking cookies and wants to share them with friends.
He is practicing soccer every afternoon to get better for the school team.
They will go hiking next weekend and plan to take pictures of nature.
I have been reading a book about history and find it very exciting.
We watched a comedy movie last night and laughed at the funny scenes.
She will clean her room today if she finishes her homework early enough.
He was reading a book about robots when his friend called to talk.
They are playing basketball in the park and having fun with their team.
I went to the zoo yesterday and saw a monkey swinging from a tree.
You should write a letter to your friend because he loves hearing from you.
We have just finished building a shelf and now it holds our books.
She is studying for her English test and wants to get a good grade.
He will travel to the mountains next summer to hike with his family.
They were dancing at the party when the lights went out for a moment.
I am going to the store later to buy food for the family dinner.
We have been painting our house for a week and it looks great now.
She was walking her dog in the park when she saw a beautiful bird.
He will visit the library next weekend to borrow a new adventure book.
They are watching a movie tonight and talking about it with their friends.
I studied math last night and now I understand fractions much better.
You can go to the beach tomorrow if the weather is warm and sunny.
We were eating ice cream when we saw a cat chasing a butterfly nearby.
She has just finished writing a story and wants to read it to family.
He is practicing running every morning to prepare for the school race.
They will go to the zoo next month to see the new baby elephants.
I have been learning to dance for six months and love the new moves.
We watched a documentary about animals last night and learned new facts.
She will bake a cake for the party if she has time this evening.
He was drawing a picture of a car when his teacher asked for it.
They are cleaning their room now because their parents are coming to visit.
I went to the park yesterday and saw a dog playing with a ball.
You should practice your piano every day if you want to play better.
We have just finished planting flowers and now the garden looks colorful.
She is writing a poem for her friend and wants it to be special.
He will go to the gym tomorrow if he finishes his work early today.
They were playing cards at the table when their friends arrived to play.
I am reading a book about science because I want to learn more facts.
We have been walking in the forest every weekend and enjoy the quiet time.
She was helping her mom clean the house when her friend called her.
He will buy a new jacket for winter if he finds one he likes.
They are painting their house today and hope to finish before it rains.
I studied history last night and learned about the ancient Romans in class.
You can visit your grandma tomorrow if you finish your chores early tonight.
We were watching a play at the theater when the music started to play.
She has just finished sewing a scarf and wants to wear it tomorrow.
He is running a race next week and trains every day to win.
They will go to the zoo next month to see the new baby pandas.
I have been practicing drawing for a month and my sketches are improving.
We watched a movie about space last night and talked about the stars.
She will clean the kitchen today if she finishes her homework early enough.
He was playing a video game when his mom asked him to help cook.
They are studying Spanish now because they want to travel to Mexico soon.
I went to the market yesterday and bought fresh oranges for breakfast.
You should call your brother tonight because he wants to talk to you.
We have just finished decorating the house for the Christmas party tonight.
She is drawing a picture of her cat and wants to show it tomorrow.
He will buy a new phone next month if he saves enough money soon.
They were playing music at the school event when everyone started to dance.
I am learning to play soccer because I want to join the school team.
We have been gardening every weekend and now our plants are growing tall.
She was writing a letter to her friend when her mom called for dinner.
He will go to the library tomorrow if he finishes his schoolwork early.
They are watching a new show tonight and eating snacks with their family.
I studied for the science test last night and hope I did well.
You can go to the park tomorrow if you finish your homework early tonight.
We were eating lunch outside when we saw a rainbow in the sky.
She has just finished painting a picture and wants to hang it up.
He is practicing basketball every evening to get better for the team.
They will visit their friends next weekend and plan to play board games.
I have been learning to swim for a year and can swim faster now.
We watched a funny movie last night and laughed at the silly jokes.
She will bake cookies for the party if she has time this afternoon.
He was drawing a picture of a house when his friend asked to see.
They are cleaning their house now because they’re expecting guests this evening.
I went to the store yesterday and bought a new pair of gloves.
You should practice speaking Spanish every day if you want to learn fast.
We have just finished building a table and now it looks very nice.
She is studying for her math test and wants to get a good score.
He will travel to the beach next summer to swim with his friends.
They were dancing at the festival when the music changed to a fast song.
I am going to the zoo tomorrow to see the new baby tigers.
We have been learning English for three months and can speak simple sentences.
She was helping her dad fix the bike when her friend called to talk.
He will buy a new book next weekend if he finds one he likes.
They are playing a board game tonight and having fun with their family.
I studied history last night and learned about the ancient Greeks in class.
You can go to the movies tomorrow if you finish your chores early tonight.
We were walking in the park when we saw a dog chasing a squirrel.
She has just finished writing a story and wants to share it with friends.
He is practicing soccer every afternoon to prepare for the school game.
They will go hiking next weekend and plan to take pictures of the views.
I have been reading a book about animals and find it very interesting.
We watched a comedy show last night and laughed at the funny characters.
She will clean her room today if she finishes her schoolwork early enough.
He was reading a book about space when his mom asked for help.
They are playing basketball in the park and enjoying time with their friends.
I went to the zoo yesterday and saw a lion roaring at the crowd.
You should write a letter to your cousin because she loves hearing from you.
We have just finished planting a tree and hope it grows strong soon.
She is studying for her English test and hopes to get a high score.
He will travel to the mountains next summer to camp with his family.
They were dancing at the party when the music stopped for a moment.
I am going to the store later to buy ingredients for a cake.
We have been painting our room for a week and it looks amazing now.
She was walking her dog in the park when she saw a beautiful sunset.
He will visit the museum next weekend to see the new science exhibit.
They are watching a movie tonight and eating popcorn with their friends.
I studied math last night and now I understand division much better.
You can go to the beach tomorrow if the weather is sunny and warm.
We were eating ice cream when we saw a bird flying over our heads.
She has just finished writing a poem and wants to read it tomorrow.
He is practicing running every morning to train for the school race.
They will go to the zoo next month to see the new baby monkeys.
I have been learning to dance for six months and enjoy it a lot.
We watched a documentary about nature last night and learned new things.
She will bake a pie for the party if she has enough ingredients today.
He was drawing a picture of a boat when his teacher asked for it.
They are cleaning their room now because their parents asked them to help.
I went to the park yesterday and saw a squirrel running up a tree.
You should practice your guitar every day if you want to play well.
We have just finished planting flowers and now the garden looks beautiful.
She is writing a letter to her friend who lives in another country.
He will go to the gym tomorrow if he finishes his homework early.
They were playing cards at the table when their friends arrived to join.
I am reading a book about history because I want to learn more.
We have been walking in the forest every weekend and love the peace.
She was helping her mom cook dinner when her friend called to chat.
He will buy a new jacket for winter if he finds one on sale.
They are painting their house today and hope to finish before it rains.
I studied Spanish last night and learned new words for the test.
You can visit the zoo tomorrow if the weather is nice and sunny.
We were eating lunch outside when we saw a dog chasing a cat.
She has just finished sewing a dress and wants to wear it tomorrow.
He is running a race next week and practices every day to prepare.
They will go to the museum next month to see the new art exhibit.
I have been practicing drawing for a month and my pictures are better.
We watched a movie about animals last night and learned about their lives.
She will clean the kitchen today if she finishes her schoolwork early.
He was playing a video game when his sister asked to join him.
They are studying English now because they want to travel abroad soon.
I went to the market yesterday and bought fresh apples for a dessert.
You should call your parents tonight because they want to hear from you.
We have just finished decorating the house for the holiday season today.
She is drawing a picture of her family and wants to frame it.
He will buy a new computer next month if he saves enough money.
They were playing music at the festival when the crowd started to dance.
I am learning to play chess because it helps me think more clearly.
We have been gardening every weekend and now our flowers are blooming.
She was writing a story when her teacher asked her to read it.
He will go to the library tomorrow if he finishes his homework early.
They are watching a soccer game tonight and cheering for their team.
I studied for the science test last night and hope I did well.
You can go to the park tomorrow if you finish your chores early.
We were playing a game outside when it started to rain very hard.
She has just finished baking cookies and wants to share them with neighbors.
He is practicing soccer every afternoon to get better for the team.
They will go hiking next weekend and plan to take pictures of nature.
I have been reading a book about dinosaurs and find it very exciting.
We watched a comedy movie last night and laughed at the funny scenes.
She will clean her room today if she finishes her homework early enough.
He was reading a book about robots when his friend called to talk.
They are playing basketball in the park and having fun with their friends.
I went to the zoo yesterday and saw a monkey swinging from a tree.
You should write a letter to your friend because he loves hearing from you.
We have just finished building a shelf and now it holds our books.
She is studying for her math test and wants to get a good grade.
He will travel to the beach next summer to swim with his friends.
They were dancing at the festival when the music changed to a fast song.
I am going to the zoo tomorrow to see the new baby tigers.
We have been learning Spanish for three months and can speak simple sentences.
She was helping her dad fix the bike when her friend called to talk.
He will buy a new book next weekend if he finds one he likes.
They are playing a board game tonight and having fun with their family.
I studied history last night and learned about the ancient Greeks in class.
You can go to the movies tomorrow if you finish your chores early tonight.
We were walking in the park when we saw a dog chasing a squirrel.
She has just finished writing a story and wants to share it with friends.
He is practicing soccer every afternoon to prepare for the school game.
They will go hiking next weekend and plan to take pictures of the views.
I have been reading a book about animals and find it very interesting.
We watched a comedy show last night and laughed at the funny characters.
She will clean her room today if she finishes her schoolwork early enough.
He was reading a book about space when his mom asked for help.
They are playing basketball in the park and enjoying time with their friends.
I went to the zoo yesterday and saw a lion roaring at the crowd.
You should write a letter to your cousin because she loves hearing from you.
We have just finished planting a tree and hope it grows strong soon.
She is studying for her English test and hopes to get a high score.
He will travel to the mountains next summer to camp with his family.
They were dancing at the party when the music stopped for a moment.
I am going to the store later to buy ingredients for a cake.
We have been painting our room for a week and it looks amazing now.
She was walking her dog in the park when she saw a beautiful sunset.
He will visit the museum next weekend to see the new science exhibit.
They are watching a movie tonight and eating popcorn with their friends.

Caminé al parque todas las mañanas con mi perro y disfruto del aire fresco diariamente.
Ella lee un libro nuevo cada semana y siempre aprende algo interesante de él.
Visitaremos a nuestros abuelos el próximo fin de semana porque viven en un pueblo cercano.
Él jugó fútbol con sus amigos ayer y marcó dos goles en el partido.
Ellos están cenando ahora y hablando sobre su día en la escuela con la familia.
Acabo de terminar mi tarea y ahora puedo ver mi película favorita esta noche.
Deberías estudiar para el examen mañana si quieres obtener una buena nota.
Estábamos viendo el atardecer en la playa cuando comenzó a llover de repente.
Ella comprará un vestido nuevo para la fiesta si encuentra uno que le guste.
Él ha estado trabajando en la tienda durante tres meses y disfruta ayudando a los clientes.
Ellos bailaron en el festival anoche y se divirtieron mucho con sus amigos.
Voy al mercado mañana para comprar frutas y verduras frescas para la cena.
Hemos visto esa película tres veces y aún nos reímos de las partes divertidas.
Ella estaba cocinando la cena cuando su hermano la llamó para hablar de su viaje.
Él viajará a España el próximo verano para aprender más sobre la cultura allí.
Ellos están jugando juegos de mesa esta noche e invitando a todos sus amigos.
Estudié francés el año pasado, pero ahora quiero aprender español con amigos.
Puedes visitar el museo mañana si terminas tu trabajo temprano esta tarde.
Estábamos corriendo en el parque cuando vimos un arcoíris hermoso en el cielo.
Ella ha pintado su habitación de azul y ahora se ve más brillante que antes.
Él está escribiendo una carta a su amigo por correspondencia que vive en otro país.
Ellos irán a caminar a las montañas el próximo mes para ver vistas hermosas.
He estado leyendo un libro de misterio y no puedo esperar a descubrir el final.
Vimos un programa divertido anoche y reímos hasta que nos dolieron los estómagos.
Ella ayudará a su mamá a limpiar la casa si llega temprano hoy.
Él estaba tocando la guitarra cuando sus amigos llegaron para la pequeña fiesta.
Ellos están estudiando para el examen de matemáticas y ayudándose con los problemas.
Fui al zoológico el fin de semana pasado y vi elefantes por primera vez.
Deberías llamar a tu amigo esta noche porque parecía triste en la escuela hoy.
Acabamos de terminar de pintar la cerca y ahora se ve como nueva.
Ella está corriendo en el parque todas las mañanas para mantenerse saludable y sentirse bien.
Él comprará un teléfono nuevo la próxima semana si ahorra suficiente dinero pronto.
Ellos estaban bailando en la fiesta escolar cuando la música se detuvo de repente.
Estoy aprendiendo a cocinar nuevas recetas porque quiero sorprender a mi familia.
Hemos estado viajando a nuevos lugares cada verano y siempre aprendemos algo nuevo.
Ella estaba leyendo un libro en el jardín cuando comenzó a llover fuerte.
Él visitará a su primo en la ciudad si tiene un día libre.
Ellos están viendo un partido de fútbol esta noche y animando a su equipo favorito.
Estudié para el examen de ciencias anoche y espero haberlo hecho bien hoy.
Puedes ir a la playa mañana si el clima es soleado y cálido.
Estábamos comiendo helado cuando vimos a un perro persiguiendo su cola cerca.
Ella acaba de terminar de escribir una historia y quiere compartirla con amigos.
Él está jugando baloncesto con su equipo y espera ganar el partido esta noche.
Ellos viajarán al campo el próximo fin de semana para visitar la granja familiar.
He estado practicando piano durante un año y ahora puedo tocar algunas canciones.
Vimos una película de terror anoche y nos quedamos hablando de ella después.
Ella horneará galletas para la fiesta si tiene tiempo esta tarde.
Él estaba dibujando un cuadro cuando su maestro le pidió que ayudara a un compañero.
Ellos están limpiando su habitación ahora porque sus padres les pidieron que ayuden.
Fui a la biblioteca ayer y pedí prestados tres libros sobre animales y naturaleza.
Deberías practicar hablar español todos los días si quieres mejorar rápidamente.
Acabamos de terminar de plantar flores en el jardín y ahora se ve hermoso.
Ella está escribiendo un poema para su clase y quiere que sea especial.
Él irá al gimnasio mañana si termina su trabajo temprano hoy.
Ellos estaban jugando cartas en la mesa cuando sus amigos llegaron a unirse.
Estoy leyendo un libro sobre historia porque quiero aprender más hechos.
Hemos estado caminando en el bosque cada fin de semana y amamos la sensación de paz.
Ella estaba ayudando a su papá a arreglar el coche cuando su amiga la llamó.
Él comprará una chaqueta nueva para el invierno si encuentra una en oferta.
Ellos están pintando la casa hoy y esperan terminar antes de que oscurezca.
Estudié matemáticas anoche y ahora entiendo los problemas mucho mejor.
Puedes visitar a tu tía mañana si terminas tu tarea temprano esta noche.
Estábamos viendo una obra en el teatro cuando las luces se apagaron de repente.
Ella acaba de terminar de coser un vestido y quiere usarlo mañana.
Él está corriendo una carrera la próxima semana y practica todos los días para prepararse.
Ellos irán al zoológico el próximo mes para ver a los nuevos bebés animales.
He estado aprendiendo a bailar durante seis meses y lo disfruto mucho.
Vimos un documental sobre el espacio anoche y aprendimos muchas cosas nuevas.
Ella limpiará su habitación esta tarde si no tiene demasiada tarea.
Él estaba leyendo un cómic cuando su mamá le pidió que ayudara a cocinar.
Ellos están jugando fútbol en el parque y divirtiéndose con sus amigos.
Fui al parque ayer y vi una ardilla robando comida de un picnic.
Deberías escribir una carta a tu abuela porque ella ama saber de ti.
Acabamos de terminar de construir una casa para pájaros y ahora los pájaros visitan todos los días.
Ella está estudiando para su examen de historia y quiere obtener una buena nota.
Él viajará a la playa el próximo verano para surfear con sus mejores amigos.
Ellos estaban bailando en la fiesta cuando la música cambió a una canción lenta.
Voy a la tienda más tarde para comprar ingredientes para una nueva receta.
Hemos estado pintando nuestra casa durante una semana y ahora se ve increíble.
Ella estaba paseando a su perro en el parque cuando conoció a su vieja amiga.
Él visitará el museo el próximo fin de semana para ver la nueva exposición de arte.
Ellos están viendo una película esta noche y comiendo palomitas con su familia.
Estudié español anoche y aprendí diez palabras nuevas para el examen.
Puedes ir al parque mañana si terminas tus tareas temprano hoy.
Estábamos jugando un juego afuera cuando comenzó a llover muy fuerte.
Ella acaba de terminar de escribir una canción y quiere cantarla mañana.
Él está practicando fútbol todas las tardes porque quiere unirse al equipo.
Ellos irán a acampar el próximo fin de semana y planean contar historias alrededor del fuego.
He estado leyendo un libro sobre dinosaurios y lo encuentro muy interesante.
Vimos un programa de comedia anoche y no podíamos parar de reír con los chistes.
Ella ayudará a su amiga a mudarse a una nueva casa si tiene tiempo.
Él estaba arreglando su bicicleta cuando su papá ofreció ayudarle con ella.
Ellos están estudiando inglés ahora porque quieren viajar al extranjero el próximo año.
Fui al mercado ayer y compré manzanas frescas para un pastel.
Deberías llamar a tus padres esta noche porque quieren escuchar tu voz.
Acabamos de terminar de decorar la casa para la temporada de fiestas este año.
Ella está dibujando un retrato de su familia y quiere enmarcarlo más tarde.
Él comprará una computadora nueva el próximo mes si ahorra suficiente dinero pronto.
Ellos estaban tocando música en el festival cuando la multitud comenzó a animar.
Estoy aprendiendo a jugar ajedrez porque me ayuda a pensar más claramente.
Hemos estado trabajando en el jardín cada fin de semana y ahora nuestras flores están floreciendo hermosamente.
Ella estaba escribiendo una historia cuando su maestro le pidió que la leyera en voz alta.
Él irá a la biblioteca mañana si termina su tarea temprano.
Ellos están viendo un nuevo programa esta noche y hablando de ello con amigos.
Estudié para el examen de inglés anoche y me siento confiado al respecto.
Puedes visitar el zoológico mañana si el clima es agradable y soleado.
Estábamos comiendo almuerzo afuera cuando un pájaro aterrizó en nuestra mesa de repente.
Ella acaba de terminar de hornear un pastel y quiere compartirlo con los vecinos.
Él está corriendo todas las mañanas para entrenar para la carrera escolar del próximo mes.
Ellos viajarán a las montañas el próximo fin de semana para caminar con sus amigos.
He estado practicando dibujo durante un mes y mis dibujos están mejorando.
Vimos una película sobre animales anoche y aprendimos sobre sus hábitos.
Ella limpiará la cocina hoy si termina su tarea escolar lo suficientemente temprano.
Él estaba jugando un videojuego cuando su hermana le pidió que se uniera a él.
Ellos están leyendo libros en la biblioteca y discutiéndolos con sus compañeros de clase.
Fui a la playa ayer y recolecté conchas con mi hermano pequeño.
Deberías practicar tu guitarra todos los días si quieres tocar bien.
Acabamos de terminar de pintar nuestra habitación y ahora se ve mucho más brillante.
Ella está estudiando matemáticas ahora porque quiere entenderlas mejor pronto.
Él irá al parque mañana si termina sus tareas temprano.
Ellos estaban bailando en el evento escolar cuando la música cambió de tempo de repente.
Voy al zoológico el próximo fin de semana para ver a los nuevos cachorros de león.
Hemos estado aprendiendo español durante tres meses y podemos tener conversaciones simples.
Ella estaba ayudando a su mamá a cocinar la cena cuando su amiga llamó para charlar.
Él comprará un libro nuevo mañana si encuentra uno que realmente le guste.
Ellos están jugando un juego de mesa esta noche y riendo con sus amigos cercanos.
Estudié historia anoche y aprendí sobre las pirámides antiguas en Egipto.
Puedes ir al cine mañana si terminas tu tarea esta noche.
Estábamos caminando en el parque cuando vimos a un perro persiguiendo una mariposa.
Ella acaba de terminar de escribir un poema y quiere leerlo en voz alta.
Él está practicando baloncesto todas las tardes para prepararse para el torneo escolar.
Ellos visitarán a sus primos el próximo mes y planean jugar juegos juntos.
He estado aprendiendo a nadar durante un año y ahora soy mucho más rápido.
Vimos un dibujo animado divertido anoche y reímos con los personajes tontos.
Ella horneará un pastel para la fiesta si tiene suficientes ingredientes hoy.
Él estaba dibujando un cuadro de un árbol cuando su amigo pidió ayuda.
Ellos están limpiando su casa ahora porque esperan invitados esta noche.
Fui a la tienda ayer y compré un nuevo par de zapatos.
Deberías practicar hablar inglés todos los días si quieres mejorar rápido.
Acabamos de terminar de construir una mesa y ahora se ve muy bonita.
Ella está estudiando para su examen de matemáticas y quiere obtener una buena puntuación.
Él viajará a la playa el próximo verano para nadar con sus amigos.
Ellos estaban bailando en el festival cuando la música cambió a una canción rápida.
Voy al zoológico mañana para ver a los nuevos bebés tigres.
Hemos estado aprendiendo inglés durante tres meses y podemos hablar frases simples.
Ella estaba ayudando a su papá a arreglar la bicicleta cuando su amiga llamó para hablar.
Él comprará un libro nuevo el próximo fin de semana si encuentra uno que le guste.
Ellos están jugando un juego de mesa esta noche y divirtiéndose con su familia.
Estudié historia anoche y aprendí sobre los antiguos griegos en clase.
Puedes ir al cine mañana si terminas tus tareas temprano esta noche.
Estábamos caminando en el parque cuando vimos a un perro persiguiendo una ardilla.
Ella acaba de terminar de escribir una historia y quiere compartirla con amigos.
Él está practicando fútbol todas las tardes para prepararse para el juego escolar.
Ellos irán a caminar el próximo fin de semana y planean tomar fotos de la naturaleza.
He estado leyendo un libro sobre animales y lo encuentro muy interesante.
Vimos un programa de comedia anoche y reímos con los personajes divertidos.
Ella limpiará su habitación hoy si termina su tarea escolar lo suficientemente temprano.
Él estaba leyendo un libro sobre el espacio cuando su mamá pidió ayuda.
Ellos están jugando baloncesto en el parque y disfrutando del tiempo con sus amigos.
Fui al zoológico ayer y vi a un león rugiendo a la multitud.
Deberías escribir una carta a tu prima porque ella ama saber de ti.
Acabamos de terminar de plantar un árbol y esperamos que crezca fuerte pronto.
Ella está estudiando para su examen de inglés y espera obtener una puntuación alta.
Él viajará a las montañas el próximo verano para acampar con su familia.
Ellos estaban bailando en la fiesta cuando la música se detuvo por un momento.
Voy a la tienda más tarde para comprar ingredientes para un pastel.
Hemos estado pintando nuestra habitación durante una semana y ahora se ve increíble.
Ella estaba paseando a su perro en el parque cuando vio un atardecer hermoso.
Él visitará el museo el próximo fin de semana para ver la nueva exposición de ciencias.
Ellos están viendo una película esta noche y comiendo palomitas con sus amigos.
Estudié matemáticas anoche y ahora entiendo las fracciones mucho mejor.
Puedes ir a la playa mañana si el clima es soleado y cálido.
Estábamos comiendo helado cuando vimos a un pájaro volando sobre nuestras cabezas.
Ella acaba de terminar de escribir un poema y quiere leerlo mañana.
Él está practicando correr todas las mañanas para entrenar para la carrera escolar.
Ellos irán al zoológico el próximo mes para ver a los nuevos bebés monos.
He estado aprendiendo a bailar durante seis meses y lo disfruto mucho.
Vimos un documental sobre la naturaleza anoche y aprendimos cosas nuevas.
Ella horneará un pastel para la fiesta si tiene suficientes ingredientes hoy.
Él estaba dibujando un cuadro de un barco cuando su maestro pidió verlo.
Ellos están limpiando su habitación ahora porque sus padres les pidieron que ayuden.
Fui al parque ayer y vi a una ardilla corriendo por un árbol.
Deberías practicar tu guitarra todos los días si quieres tocar bien.
Acabamos de terminar de plantar flores y ahora el jardín se ve hermoso.
Ella está escribiendo una carta a su amiga que vive en otro país.
Él irá al gimnasio mañana si termina su tarea temprano.
Ellos estaban jugando cartas en la mesa cuando sus amigos llegaron a unirse.
Estoy leyendo un libro sobre historia porque quiero aprender más.
Hemos estado caminando en el bosque cada fin de semana y amamos la paz.
Ella estaba ayudando a su mamá a cocinar la cena cuando su amiga llamó para charlar.
Él comprará una chaqueta nueva para el invierno si encuentra una en oferta.
Ellos están pintando su casa hoy y esperan terminar antes de que llueva.
Estudié español anoche y aprendí nuevas palabras para el examen.
Puedes visitar el zoológico mañana si el clima es agradable y soleado.
Estábamos comiendo almuerzo afuera cuando vimos a un perro persiguiendo a un gato.
Ella acaba de terminar de coser un vestido y quiere usarlo mañana.
Él está corriendo una carrera la próxima semana y practica todos los días para prepararse.
Ellos irán al museo el próximo mes para ver la nueva exposición de arte.
He estado practicando dibujo durante un mes y mis dibujos son mejores.
Vimos una película sobre animales anoche y aprendimos sobre sus vidas.
Ella limpiará la cocina hoy si termina su tarea escolar temprano.
Él estaba jugando un videojuego cuando su hermana le pidió que se uniera a él.
Ellos están estudiando inglés ahora porque quieren viajar al extranjero pronto.
Fui al mercado ayer y compré manzanas frescas para un postre.
Deberías llamar a tus padres esta noche porque quieren escuchar de ti.
Acabamos de terminar de decorar la casa para la temporada de fiestas hoy.
Ella está dibujando un retrato de su familia y quiere enmarcarlo.
Él comprará una computadora nueva el próximo mes si ahorra suficiente dinero.
Ellos estaban tocando música en el festival cuando la multitud comenzó a bailar.
Estoy aprendiendo a jugar ajedrez porque me ayuda a pensar más claramente.
Hemos estado trabajando en el jardín cada fin de semana y ahora nuestras flores están floreciendo.
Ella estaba escribiendo una historia cuando su maestro le pidió que la leyera.
Él irá a la biblioteca mañana si termina su tarea temprano.
Ellos están viendo un partido de fútbol esta noche y animando a su equipo.
Estudié para el examen de ciencias anoche y espero haberlo hecho bien.
Puedes ir al parque mañana si terminas tus tareas temprano.
Estábamos jugando un juego afuera cuando comenzó a llover muy fuerte.
Ella acaba de terminar de hornear galletas y quiere compartirlas con los vecinos.
Él está practicando fútbol todas las tardes para mejorar para el equipo.
Ellos irán a caminar el próximo fin de semana y planean tomar fotos de la naturaleza.
He estado leyendo un libro sobre dinosaurios y lo encuentro muy emocionante.
Vimos una película de comedia anoche y reímos con las escenas divertidas.
Ella limpiará su habitación hoy si termina su tarea escolar lo suficientemente temprano.
Él estaba leyendo un libro sobre robots cuando su amigo llamó para hablar.
Ellos están jugando baloncesto en el parque y divirtiéndose con sus amigos.
Fui al zoológico ayer y vi a un mono balanceándose en un árbol.
Deberías escribir una carta a tu amigo porque él ama saber de ti.
Acabamos de terminar de construir un estante y ahora contiene nuestros libros.
Ella está estudiando para su examen de matemáticas y quiere obtener una buena nota.
Él viajará a la playa el próximo verano para nadar con sus amigos.
Ellos estaban bailando en el festival cuando la música cambió a una canción rápida.
Voy al zoológico mañana para ver a los nuevos bebés tigres.
Hemos estado aprendiendo español durante tres meses y podemos hablar frases simples.
Ella estaba ayudando a su papá a arreglar la bicicleta cuando su amiga llamó para hablar.
Él comprará un libro nuevo el próximo fin de semana si encuentra uno que le guste.
Ellos están jugando un juego de mesa esta noche y divirtiéndose con su familia.
Estudié historia anoche y aprendí sobre los antiguos griegos en clase.
Puedes ir al cine mañana si terminas tus tareas temprano esta noche.
Estábamos caminando en el parque cuando vimos a un perro persiguiendo una ardilla.
Ella acaba de terminar de escribir una historia y quiere compartirla con amigos.
Él está practicando fútbol todas las tardes para prepararse para el juego escolar.
Ellos irán a caminar el próximo fin de semana y planean tomar fotos de la naturaleza.
He estado leyendo un libro sobre animales y lo encuentro muy interesante.
Vimos un programa de comedia anoche y reímos con los personajes divertidos.
Ella limpiará su habitación hoy si termina su tarea escolar lo suficientemente temprano.
Él estaba leyendo un libro sobre el espacio cuando su mamá pidió ayuda.
Ellos están jugando baloncesto en el parque y disfrutando del tiempo con sus amigos.
Fui al zoológico ayer y vi a un león rugiendo a la multitud.
Deberías escribir una carta a tu prima porque ella ama saber de ti.
Acabamos de terminar de plantar un árbol y esperamos que crezca fuerte pronto.
Ella está estudiando para su examen de inglés y espera obtener una puntuación alta.
Él viajará a las montañas el próximo verano para acampar con su familia.
Ellos estaban bailando en la fiesta cuando la música se detuvo por un momento.
Voy a la tienda más tarde para comprar ingredientes para un pastel.
Hemos estado pintando nuestra habitación durante una semana y ahora se ve increíble.
Ella estaba paseando a su perro en el parque cuando vio un atardecer hermoso.
Él visitará el museo el próximo fin de semana para ver la nueva exposición de ciencias.
Ellos están viendo una película esta noche y comiendo palomitas con sus amigos.